%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%    An Introduction to Scientific Computing          %%%%%%%
%%%%%%%    I. Danaila, P. Joly, S. M. Kaber & M. Postel     %%%%%%%
%%%%%%%                 Springer, 2005                      %%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

This directory contains the Matlab scripts solving the steady heat
equation with discontinuous thermal diffusivity, modelling an
idealistic industrial furnace (see Chap 11 of the book).

The program offers a Graphical User's Interface (GUI) which allows
to easily change the physical parameters, the position and
intensity of the heating resistances, to print the results, etc.
The implementation follows the theoretical guides given in Chap
11, with a slightly different programming style using massively
vector operations.


To launch the interface just type "Main" in the Matlab execution
window. Then follow the messages in the diary window.


The finite elements (FE) triangular mesh is generated outside
Matlab with two different free softwares available on the Web:

1) FreeFem++ (http://www.freefem.org) is a friendly PDE solver
using FE. An example of a FreeFem++ script (Furnace_direct_R6.edp)
can be found in this directory. This script was used to generate
the mesh file "meshFF.msh" and also to solve the direct problem
with 6 resistances (in fact, our Matlab program was verified in
this way).

We identify mesh files generated with FreeFem++ by the extension
".msh"

2) EMC2 (http://www-rocq1.inria.fr/gamma/cdrom/www/emc2/eng.htm)
is an interactive software generating two-dimensional meshes. More
functions (moving, removing, adding vertices, regularization,etc)
are available to generate complex meshes.

We identify mesh files generated with EMC2 by the extension ".amb"


Note that the format of "msh" and "amb" mesh files are slightly
different (the functions reading the mesh for each format are
available in this directory). Available mesh files are:

meshFF.msh

mesh0.amb

mesh1.amb

mesh2.amb

meshSMILEY.msh (the corresponding FreeFem++ script is
meshSMILEY.edp)

                      Have fun!
